# Critter Simulator App

The Critter Simulator App allows users to breed virtual pets with unique colors and characteristics. Built with Nuxt, this app provides an interactive and fun way to create and manage your own collection of critters.

## Features

- **Breed Pets**: Select two parent pets to breed a new pet with mixed characteristics.
- **Unique Colors**: Each pet has a unique color represented in hex format, generated by blending the colors of the parents using a blending algorithm.
- **Randomized Traits**: Pets have randomized names and descriptions.
- **Local Storage**: Pets are saved in local storage, so your collection persists across sessions on your browser.

## Roadmap
- **Styling**: Improve the visual design and user interface.
- **Pet Customization**: Allow users to customize pet names and descriptions.
- **Advanced Breeding Algorithm**: Implement a more sophisticated algorithm for breeding that considers more traits.
- **Pet pages**: Create individual pages for each pet with detailed information.

## Technologies Used
- **Nuxt**: A powerful framework for building Vue.js applications.

## Setup

Make sure to install dependencies:

```bash
# npm
npm install

# pnpm
pnpm install

# yarn
yarn install

# bun
bun install
```

## Development Server

Start the development server on `http://localhost:3000`:

```bash
# npm
npm run dev

# pnpm
pnpm dev

# yarn
yarn dev

# bun
bun run dev
```

## Production

Build the application for production:

```bash
# npm
npm run build

# pnpm
pnpm build

# yarn
yarn build

# bun
bun run build
```

Locally preview production build:

```bash
# npm
npm run preview

# pnpm
pnpm preview

# yarn
yarn preview

# bun
bun run preview
```

Check out the [deployment documentation](https://nuxt.com/docs/getting-started/deployment) for more information.
